So how can we reverse the string without affecting the
special characters? We can use two pointers one to point
the starting of the string and another one to point the
end of the string. Now if both start index and
end index are pointing to an alphabet, we can simply
swap those characters.
And if it is a special character, skip that character
by incrementing start index or decrementing end index
For example
Here last index points to a special character dollar sign
so skip it by decrementing end index
Now start index points to a and
end index points the character e. Both are alphabets
so swap them
And after swapping increment start index and decrement end index.
Now start index points to the special character asterisk
So skip it by incrementing start index and end index
points to the special character comma.
So skip it by decrementing end index.
Do the same process for the remaining characters
So now start and end indices,
both are pointing to alphabets. So swap them
now increment start and decrement end and since
both are pointing the same index, we can stop the process
and we got the result. So try writing code using this logic.